Enable logical property propagation by default (#22013)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/admin/properties.rst

    Plan canonicalization strategies used to canonicalize a query plan for history based optimization.

``optimizer.exploit-constraints``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    * **Type:** ``boolean``
    * **Default value:** ``true``

>     Enable analysis and propagation of logical properties (distinct keys, cardinality, etc.) among the nodes of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enable analysis and propagation of logical properties such as distinct key, cardinality, and other properties, among the nodes of
```
Try to avoid etc. For suggestions, see the GitLab Documentation Style Guide [recommended word list entry for etc.](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/development/documentation/styleguide/word_list.html#etc). 
My suggested revision is one way to rephrase this, and you may have a better rephrasing you can think of.

Author: Unfortunately this file has 7 other occurrences of etc. - we'll leave that for another time
